---
layout: post
title:  "July 2024 Devlog"
description: "Summary of all activities performed in July 2024"
author: dmimukto
categories: [ devlog, productivity ]
published: true
---

- 01 July: Published the [beta release trailer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jkdSP9JZ16I) for **Broken PvP Game**. Added gamepasses to the Shop. Made inventory items stay permanently, even after death/respawn/rejoins. Added the 'AS VAL' gun with custom effects. Fixed the auto-aim glitch by autoplaying the game at the menu after 30 seconds.
- 02 July: Added the 'SCAR' gun the Shop. Made another game called **Photon**. Added 4 new maps (3rd party) to **Broken PvP Game**. Created an Assistant NPC.
- 03 July: Not a very productive day. Played around with particles and VFX parts. Managed to learn how to add custom animations for **Demon Hunting Paradise**.
- 04 July: Will make the **DHP** game later; turned this one into **Bangla Battlegrounds** instead. Added some talking dummy NPCs, made a battlegrounds-style map + house. Custom models using default parts within Roblox Studio. Added camera bobbing to **Broken**.
- 05 July: Changed the audio for the attacks in **BB**. Decided to turn this game into something like Blox Fruits, Combat Warriors and The Strongest Battlegrounds.
- 06 July: Quite an unproductive day. Tried to build **Obby but you can fight** but lost motivation.
- 07 July: Worked on **Demon Hunting Paradise** from scratch, as a different game. Added new combat system. Made custom models for swords, katanas, spears. Played around with VFX `ParticleEmitters`. Hit counter GUI has an issue with multiple weapons.
- 08 July: Fixed hit counter issue via server-side code. Turned sword models into functional tools. Made a shop model, GUI and script. Everything works except for `GoldToken` not properly being saved to DataStores. And also the hit damage (since they are both being handled by LocalScripts accidentally). Also learnt how to use `Viewport` frames for the 3D rotation of shop items.
- 09 July: Fixed previous issues but found new ones: inventory loading from DS causes errors. Converted `shopGUI` into `skinGUI`. Another issue: multiple purchases for 1 click on prompt. Made shop crates like Ohio (the Shop NPC is irrelevant now).
- 10 July: Fixed inventory and shop mechanism. Although errors still arise suddenly sometimes. Made a house model inspired by Ohio's basic house. Fed up with slow pace progression. Now I will use free 3D assets, i.e. Synty packs (I'm not a modelling artist; I'm a game dev!) Will 'change the game' from tomorrow.
- 11 July: Used the Synty Dungeon pack to create a castle hallway area for **DHP**. Remade the menu and added a loading screen for **Broken**. Uploaded a [video about it](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KAmPs6dYvm8). Working with modular assets is 3x more productive than building your own!
- 12 July: Made a custom gun system for the UMP45 model I made. Used the `WeaponsSystem` library for the shoulder camera, although it's buggy. Added an aura and Thompson for the VIP gamepass holders in **Broken**. Worked on the exterior of the 'castle' in **DHP**.
- 13 July: Worked on an outer region for **DHP**, and added character 'heroes', although not equippable yet. For **Broken**, prepared new weapon skins to use. But not implemented for public release. Using 3rd party assets non-stop.
- 14 July: Added the old shop GUI for the 'shop' in **DHP**. Added coin drops/pickups and a trash campfire for dumping any equipped unwanted items. Inventory is now supposed to remain forever.
- 15 July: Added NPCs with dialog GUI for **DHP**. Custom health GUI removed due to problems. Inventory doesn't load on first spawn sometimes.
- 16 July: Inventory problem fixed, although equipped items don't get saved. New custom stats GUI (health, energy, XP) + `leaderstats` implemented. Added trails for swords.
- 17 July: Energy depletion/regen fixed for sprints. Added stat upgrade GUI + scripts. Uploaded a [video about **DHP**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lhWkmqC4PfM). Made a new simple 'game' based on Narkuzu, named **Save Her**.
- 18 July: Unproductive day due to internet blackout.
- 19 July: Unproductive day, internet blackout continued.
- 20 July: Unproductive day, internet blackout continued.
- 21 July: Unproductive day, internet blackout continued.
- 22 July: Unproductive day, internet blackout continued.
- 23 July: Unproductive day, internet lasted for 5 minutes before blacking out again.
- 24 July: Unproductive day, internet came back but very slow.
- 25 July: Made some simple Python programs for pinging servers and also made one that can be used to jam Wifi.
- 26 July: Someone remotely accessed the Muxtop! Assuming it was Kintama. The hacker changed my wallpaper (the image was in EVELSE) and even opened OBS! Assuming it was due to sharing my IP address.
- 27 July: Transferred files from Linux (Ubuntu) to zip folders and uploaded to Google Drive. Transferred and deleted files from Windows to external HDD. Installed Tails OS on USB drive.
- 28 July: Monitoring my network activity a lot. Using Tails + Tor for maximum privacy and security.
- 29 July: Reset and deleted all browser data on Windows. It's now a sterile OS. Just kept the game-related content.
- 30 July: Deleted the Ubuntu partition and installed Kali Linux. Made new social media accounts via VPNs.
- 31 July: Discovered someone using the `amrella.den.ovh` subdomain illegally even though Cloudflare DNS was pointing to `dmkto.github.io`. Deleted all unnecessary subdomains. Uploaded academic files to G Drive as a backup. Shifting towards gaming on Linux via Steam + Proton.
  
