---
layout: post
title:  "August 2024 Devlog"
description: "Summary of all activities performed in August 2024"
author: dmimukto
categories: [ devlog, productivity ]
published: true
---

- 01 Aug: Played VRChat, Just Cause 3 smoothly on Linux after setting swappiness from 60 to 10 and increasing swapfile size to a total of 4 GB. Added access rules to router to only allow specific MAC addresses (devices) for in/out packets.
- 02 Aug: Reset Windows. Updated drivers and BIOS firmware via Windows Updates and HP Assistant. Reinstalled Kali Linux thinking that the network driver was gone (came back after the Windows firmware update). Repaired the external HDD via Windows. Hardened up Kali.
- 03 Aug: Installed Lutris for Linux gaming but facing problems. Tried to resize and create a new 'ext4' partition for the external HDD. Used 'chkdsk' on Windows for repairing. Used defragmenter to optimize 3% (~30 GB) defragmentation. (Never defrag SSDs, though)
- 04 Aug: Formatted the external HDD. Made 3 partitions. Internet outage from evening.
- 05 Aug: New independence day for Bangladesh. Installed 'Overwatch 2' on SSD, then copied to exHDD. Then uninstalled it and installed (auto validated) from the exHDD location. Steam can detect game files even if manually copied to the library folder.
- 06 Aug: Made a 8 GB pagefile (swapfile for Windows), so games run smoother now, e.g. 'Rainbow Six Siege' - even on an exHDD!
- 07 Aug: Unproductive day.
- 08 Aug: Made [vkg.000.pe](https://vkg.000.pe) via InfinityFree for hosting a Vikinger WP instance for no reason. SSL cert gets accepted by Edge but rejected in other web browsers.
- 09 Aug: Got a 30-day free trial of $19.98/year "Essential" shared hosting on [Spaceship.io](https://spaceship.com/). Tried to add funds via Kraken BTCPay. Selected $5 for testing but sent $18.81. Made Amrella active again on [muxday.com/amrella](https://muxday.com/amrella).
- 10 Aug: Made a Gumroad store for hosting Anglo Learn.
- 11 Aug: Slightly began work on the Anglo [IELTS course](https://anglo.muxday.com/l/ielts-academic).
- 12 Aug: Unproductive day.
- 13 Aug: Unproductive day.
- 14 Aug: Unproductive day.
- 15 Aug: Tried to make a web browser using .NET C# via Visual Studio by using Windows Form. Found out how to deploy Jekyll static sites from private GitHub repos (via [Render](https://dashboard.render.com/)).
- 16 Aug: Unproductive day.
- 17 Aug: Unproductive day.
- 18 Aug: Unproductive day.
- 19 Aug: Unproductive day.
- 20 Aug: Unproductive day.
- 21 Aug: Unproductive day.
- 22 Aug: Unproductive day.
- 23 Aug: Unproductive day. Cannot figure out what to do with Muxday.
- 24 Aug: Continued work on the [Broken.](https://www.roblox.com/games/18129807606/Broken) game. Fixed the map voting UI glitch. Made the SCAR shoot normally instead of single-shot multi-projectiles like a shotgun.
- 25 Aug: Unproductive day. Tried to ask [Ohio](https://www.roblox.com/games/7239319209/Ohio) game devs and community (on their Discord server) if I could join the team and install anti-cheat systems. No response. I've had enough! Time to work on my own version of their game.
- 26 Aug: Added parkour mechanics to **Broken** (from the "Platformer" template on Roblox Studio), that allows roll, dash, double jump. Invited random people to try the game.
- 27 Aug: Made the map (game environment) 'fixed' (disabled the map loader). Disabled and deleted many unwanted scripts. Added in-game phone, with a "Map" app for now. Added dune buggies and a rocket buggy spawner (from the "Racing" template on Roblox Studio). Changed the guns' bullet shot effects to a new custom one (SCAR-like flash). Had 5-6 concurrent players today!
- 28 Aug: Added the [DHP](https://www.roblox.com/games/18375390394/Demon-Hunting-Paradise) currency system + modified wallet for Broken's money. Added ATMs for hacking and getting cash. Added more chat commands, i.e. "/char", "/botwar", and a "Codes" app for the in-game phone for redeeming codes (and also secretly typing in chat commands).
- 29 Aug: Allowed cash drops from NPC deaths. Added Text Sign and Image Sign tools with real-time text updates. Added shop crates. Removed default StarterPack guns - everything needs to be bought now (just like Ohio). Added G17 basic pistol as starting weapon. Inventory is supposed to be lost on death (but not happening).
- 30 Aug: Fixed some issues with the smartphone removal script, the audio script, and the initial SpawnPlayers script. Nothing new except for teleporting players to the Backrooms on death.
- 31 Aug: Added UI and functionality for dropping cash via wallet. Added "Info" app for the phone. Fixed inventory saving/loading issue. Adjusted shotgun range, etc.

