---
layout: post
title:  "September 2024 Devlog"
description: "Summary of all activities performed in September 2024"
author: dmimukto
categories: [ devlog, productivity ]
published: true
---

- 01 Sept: Changed the loading screen 'intro' sequence for [**Broken.**](https://www.roblox.com/games/18129807606/Broken). Found many errors due to inventory, camera, DataStore loading timings. Unfixed. The errors don't always happen.
- 02 Sept: Removed the loading screen entirely. Intro remains. Stable enough. Made some custom gun skins but no way to obtain them yet. Publicly announced about my game on YouTube and LinkedIn.
- 03 Sept: No updates, only fixed the inventory bug and rejoining screen bug. Someone demonstrated an auto-clicker for the money dropping feature.
- 04 Sept: Unproductive day.
- 05 Sept: Unproductive day.
- 06 Sept: Added the donation option for TextSigns via roproxy.com (HTTP 'GET' requests) web scraper API. **Broken** is now at nearly 900 visits and stable enough.
- 07 Sept: Learnt how to use ModuleScripts. Messed up the NPC spawning system slightly (I think).
- 08 Sept: Made one of the houses from scratch using Parts and copied the design from the existing map. Added enemy 'Criminal' NPCs. All agent NPCs are now "friendly".
- 09 Sept: Unproductive day.
- 10 Sept: Added the "Shop" again, but on the phone tool GUI now. Gun gamepasses give free access to purchasing them but not spawned in like before. Rocket car needs a (cheap) pass to spawn now. Noticed the first dislike (96% rating from 100%). 1K visits crossed! Added day/night cycle + street light adjustments.
- 11 Sept: Unproductive day.
- 12 Sept: Unproductive day. Out of town for some work.
- 13 Sept: Unproductive day. Returned home.
- 14 Sept: Made interiors for other two house types and almost all buildings in the current map. Added doors, lockpicks. Revamped the gun shop building.
- 15 Sept: Made more buildings (e.g. Cornerstores, restaurants) but unfurnished. Added skin explorer to phone and made even more gun skins. No way to obtain skins yet.
- 16 Sept: Slightly unproductive day. Made small adjustments, e.g. added killcounts (+ badge functionality).
- 17 Sept: Tried to get some free assets for Unity 3D. External HDD failure (it was a Transcend StoreJet 25M 1 TB), likely due to read-write head being stuck. Blue screen of death on Windows.
- 18 Sept: HDD still dead. Made [**NoGameBruh**](https://github.com/TheTimeCompany/binaries/releases/download/18932918u3o/NoGameBruh.zip) on Unity while adapting to the GUI and environment like Roblox Studio. Meanwhile, on **Broken**, applied new posterizing shader.
- 19 Sept: Played around with [Suno A.I.](https://suno.com/create) and made some videos, too (inserting on-screen lyrics manually).
- 20 Sept: Did the same things as yesterday. Suno A.I. made several [sad songs](https://dewanmukto.github.io/content/ai/2024/09/20/sad-songs/) that bring me to tears (because they are about certain phases of my life). Heatwaves in town - no game dev progress.
- 21 Sept: Unproductive day. Feeling too emotional. Might need to pry open the HDD to fix the read-write head.
- 22 Sept: Unproductive day. Trying out Godot Engine. Seems better and more lightweight than Unity!
- 23 Sept: Unproductive day.
- 24 Sept: Unproductive day.
- 25 Sept: Unproductive day. Backed up old files from an old phone.
- 26 Sept: Unproductive day. Lutris on Linux ain't so bad! Trying out many nostalgic games.
- 27 Sept: Unproductive day. Resized partitions on SSD.
- 28 Sept: Unproductive day.
- 29 Sept: Unproductive day. Ran Genshin Impact via Lutris (Wine) smoothly.
- 30 Sept: Unproductive day. Playing around with experimental programs in C and C++ and trying to be familiar with SDL and SFML for GUI software development.

