---
layout: post
title:  "October 2024 Devlog"
description: "Summary of all activities performed in October 2024"
author: dmimukto
categories: [ devlog, productivity ]
published: true
---

- Oct 1: Experimenting with C and C++. Made a Mandelbrot viewer (real-time) and "USB device lister". Updated the Muxday website.
- Oct 2: Spent the day transferring files and accounts to my new X6525 and my old M19___ device. M2010J19CG is no longer mine.
- Oct 3: Unproductive day.
- Oct 4: Unproductive day.
- Oct 5: Unproductive day.
- Oct 6: Messing around with C and C++, especially with the SDL and Qt5 libraries.
- Oct 7: Picking up an interest with Java again. Trying to build something simple yet useful.
- Oct 8: Made a Mandelbrot explorer. Also played around with spritesheet animation to build a top-down 2D RPG engine.
- Oct 9: Playing around with Java's built-in graphical utilities.
- Oct 10: Spent the entire day making a top-down 2D game from scratch. Made "Delta Telekom".
- Oct 11: Unproductive day.
- Oct 12: Tweaked around with Perlin noise and generating custom effects in Java.
- Oct 13: Decided to work on "Can't Stop - Virtual Editon" based on the COMP2005 project back in 2023. Downloaded videos from main YT channel for backups. Typed and published all the mini articles I'd been writing throughout June-Sept.
- Oct 14: Updated main website a li'l bit. Added background music made by Suno A.I.
- Oct 15: Worked on making the main menu for a game based on ITWD in Java. Need to figure out if I wanna let it be a visual novel or an actual game like DeValley's Nowhere (2008).
- Oct 16: Fixed the posterizing shader making everything look like grey shadows on mobile devices in Broken.
- Oct 17: Unproductive day. Leaving home until time narrates a different tale for me.
- Oct 18: Unproductive day.
- Oct 19: Unproductive day.
- Oct 20: Unproductive day.
- Oct 21: Unproductive day.
- Oct 22: Unproductive day.
- Oct 23: Unproductive day.
- Oct 24: Unproductive day.
- Oct 25: Unproductive day.
- Oct 26: Unproductive day.

> From now on, productivity (for projects and hobbies) is going to be **zero** due to me focusing solely on academics.

- Oct 27: Unproductive day.
- Oct 28: Unproductive day.
- Oct 29: Unproductive day.
- Oct 30: Unproductive day.
- Oct 31: Unproductive day.
